Release/6.5.0 (#1326)
onfido/onfido-sdk-ui: README.md

Refer to our [accessibility statement](https://developers.onfido.com/guide/sdk-accessibility-statement) for more details.

## TypeScript

> From version `7.0.0`, TypeScript is officially supported, providing typings for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From version `6.5.0`, TypeScript is officially supported, providing typings for:
```
